Library pkgconfig generation (#138)
cisco/mlspp: README.md

  * `X_key` is the public key of an asymmetric key pair
  * `X_priv` is the private key of an asymmetric key pair
  * `X_secret` is a symmetric secret

> Building, installing, linking etc
> ----------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing and Uninstalling
---------------------------
```

The usual "cmake dance" applies:
```
> mkdir build
> cd build
> cmake ..
> make
```

It is possible to install the library 
```
> make install
```

There is no uninstall target, so use:
```
> xargs rm < install_manifest.txt
```
To get rid of most of the files (Some manual directory cleanup might be needed)

> Once installed there a pkgconfig file is installed so using this library from another cmake project could be done by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the library is installed, a pkgconfig file is also installed, so using this library from another cmake project could be done by:
```

Reviewer: Also, please wrap the line to 80 characters.
